alright youtubers here's a video for all
you trumpet players out there you can
take this I'm sure you've heard of these
if you play the trumpet you may have
heard of the silent brass which is a
mute that makes your trumpet basically
well virtually completely silent then
you can still play you can take your
renews it air freshener which cost a
dollar at Walmart and turn it into a
mute there's tissues in there to make it
even quieter to dampen the sound even
more and to do this the only thing other
than their music music you have to
purchase is a weatherstripping here's a
roll of weatherstripping that I used and
the roll of weather stripping costs a
few dollars it's not expensive there
anyway get started
you take a Renuzit like this this one
the new one so I'm not going to use it
and you can either use it up take all
this stuff out and that all that will
dry up and you'll be left with a little
bit well you got to pull this really
hard to get it off and there'll be some
of the some of the stuff on here and you
can grab a pair of the pair pliers and
twist and pull it off whatever is left
on here if you let it dry up or while
it's still wet like this you open it up
and you scoop all that stuff out but
either way you're left with this and
here this piece up here you put that on
top of something real marker maybe try
it like this
and that will pop out you just got to
push it hard so there isn't a hole when
you first get it I've already drilled
this one but right here you want to
drill a hole there and actually you
should drill a little bit larger than
this is even but I didn't have the right
size drill bit with me the time take
this we're gonna put some glue on it and
you put it in like this
and you put your me back to yellow
eventually like that but anyway from
here it's obviously really simple you
take the weatherstripping and you get a
piece you know the right size and you
wrap it around here close to the bottom
and try it out experiment on your own
until it fits your trumpet I had to cut
the weatherstripping thin as you can see
already did here that's why it's all
jagged because I cut it to fit and you
don't really need to be this thick so
you just end up basically with a thin
piece of web with weather stripping you
wrap all the way around and it should be
self-adhesive so that's that
no comparison that's playing softly
without a mute this is with a straight
mute and with a Renuzit mute it's
actually almost completely silent it's
just loud enough for you to be able to
hear it